c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\bin\Debug\Mooooc.dll
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\bin\Debug\Mooooc.pdb
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\obj\Debug\Mooooc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\obj\Debug\Mooooc.dll
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\obj\Debug\Mooooc.pdb
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\bin\Debug\SQLitePCL.raw.dll
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\obj\Debug\Mooooc.Views.Accueil.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\obj\Debug\Mooooc.Views.StudentAdd.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\atef\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\obj\Debug\Mooooc.Views.StudentsShow.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Atef\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Atef\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.dll
C:\Users\Atef\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Atef\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\obj\Debug\Mooooc.Views.TeachersShow.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Atef\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\obj\Debug\Mooooc.Views.CoursesShow.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Atef\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\obj\Debug\Mooooc.Views.TeacherShow.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Atef\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\obj\Debug\Mooooc.Views.CourseShow.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Atef\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\obj\Debug\Mooooc.Views.CourseAdd.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Atef\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\obj\Debug\Mooooc.Views.TeacherAdd.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Atef\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\obj\Debug\Mooooc.Views.Degrees.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Atef\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\obj\Debug\Mooooc.Views.Authentication.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Atef\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Mooooc\Mooooc\Mooooc\obj\Debug\Mooooc.Views.DegreesAdd.xaml.g.cs
